Docs (#65603)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/02-data-fetching/02-server-actions-and-mutations.mdx

```js filename="app/actions.js"
'use server'

export async function updateUser(userId, formData) {}
```

> **Good to know**:
>
> - An alternative is to pass arguments as hidden input fields in the form (e.g. `<input type="hidden" name="userId" value={userId} />`). However, the value will be part of the rendered HTML and will not be encoded.
> - `.bind` works in both Server and Client Components. It also supports progressive enhancement.

### Nested form elements

You can also invoke a Server Action in elements nested inside `<form>` such as `<button>`, `<input type="submit">`, and `<input type="image">`. These elements accept the `formAction` prop or [event handlers](#event-handlers).

This is useful in cases where you want to call multiple server actions within a form. For example, you can create a specific `<button>` element for saving a post draft in addition to publishing it. See the [React `<form>` docs](https://react.dev/reference/react-dom/components/form#handling-multiple-submission-types) for more information.

### Programmatic form submission

> You can trigger a form submission using the [`requestSubmit()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormElement/requestSubmit) method. For example, when the user presses `⌘` + `Enter`, you can listen for the `onKeyDown` event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can trigger a form submission programmatically using the [`requestSubmit()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormElement/requestSubmit) method. For example, when the user submits a form using the `⌘` + `Enter` keyboard shortcut, you can listen for the `onKeyDown` event:
```
